Osorno parrot ic's copyright violation throat video has been removed beneathｰｰｰ
Yes Well It is First in this small victory
Let's sell it Burn
a video was deleted as of yesterday and an apology was made on Twitter
It is the person of a copyright holder in
Well I was to Tteyuu it is inexcusable that it has been making money using their own and image Deee
Maybe he is good luck with each other
I think that the talk with the sound on the front will be done
Well already
Well I was able to delete one I did not mind
After all it in the first place
Hey, but you have that also No we should not be cry correction would be best is 3 chopper
This reason to say video art dawn in this if and even longer still smiling videos
Well I like using music or anything
Hmm
In quite a long recently and after all this though is the
You've got a job Sleeping bath tuba You'll be working on it
I had to do my work and I have to go to the place I should be doing
Is a Yappa useless to say so in Toka because it is a moment Toka because image Toka because celebrity in there I
Right
Perfectly still it also in anyone Modon Na small things Well
I think I have to keep my copyright
Buber I love you
Please tell me this island if you have done so
At first let's toast small cooking princess of today
yeah
It was consumption reported the death of butter in the fact that be nice today